**Anne Duk Hee Jordan**

_Making Kin\_\_2.1_ (2020-2021)

Site-specific pond installation with living ecosystem, robotic crab and neon drawings, printed on banners

How do we want to live in the future? In a combination of various media such as living plants, installation, drawings, and robotics, Anne Duk Hee Jordan, explores concepts of interspecies community and real and fictional landscapes. &quot;Making Kin&quot; is a maxim coined by the philosopher of science and pioneer cyborg feminist Donna Haraway who calls for an interspecies symbiosis. To ensure a liveable future for the following generations, we, as mortal &quot;critters&quot; need to link up with multiple configurations of places, times, matters and meanings so that new life can be &quot;composted&quot; from the planet-destroying Homo sapiens. The artist scrutinizes established terms like nature, culture and technology, including their definitional boundaries. Jordan is interested in the hybrid network between species and their environment. In a humorous and playful manner, she draws up an experimental and future-oriented scenario that challenges our customary perspectives on life and likewise makes a new model of community both imaginable and apprehensible. Part of _Making Kin 2.1_ is the work _Water Crab_ (2017- ongoing) from her _Artificial Stupidity_ series, which is conceived to function as a marine robotic. As this series is about allowing failure and reclaiming the domain of robotics in terms of non-intelligence, this _Water Crab_ is not able to clean up all the human waste in the oceans, but is rather a prototype of this idea and avocation that design and art is not only there to make the world a better place. Does a non-functional artificial bot also have the right to float our waters?

Transience and transformation are the central themes in the work of **Anne Duk Hee Jordan** (Berlin). Through movement and performance, Jordan gives materiality another dimension – she builds motorized sculptures and creates edible landscapes. Her sculptures are intended to draw the viewer into the present and open a dialogue between natural phenomena, philosophy and art. Jordan opens up doors to a universe where she humorously and romantically creates machines that juxtapose robotic consciousness with organic cyclic decay and life. She raises questions about &quot;agency&quot; and encourages a change of perspective. She shifts the focus away from humans towards the entire ecology.

[website](https://dukhee.de/)
